VAULT-35783: create activity specific metrics reference page in telemetry docs (#30518)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/internals/telemetry/metrics/activity.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: "Telemetry reference: Activity metrics"
description: >-
  Technical reference for activity related telemetry values.
---

# Activity telemetry

> Activity telemetry provides information on your Vault instance's activity, including client usage, request volume and trends over a billing period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Activity telemetry provides metric data about Vault behavior related to client
usage, request volume and trends over a billing period.
```
Style correction: avoid possessives
